Thank you ... 
1. Student app issue . thats on my birthday  already my bald is coming because of the team   they dont know anything   thought to suicide .  thinking what mistake did i do .. etc 
anil dont know the error not sound  its blur   all teh development team nicely thrown the error up on me . torchur , if he plays badminton now with me how wuould i feel 
3.  
inter srimanthudu uday
22.we are from village  , dad technology 

But my dad has so many money issues . But he crossed all barriers and now he is in good stage .
3. From childHood I saw my dad ..  he has done so many works for money 
Health issues in  hospital from childHood 
4. That inspired me . But i never take granted 
5. Yaken IIT as it is standard kept by
Dreams a large venture to poor  and a fantastic approach 
If we ask for mohapatam or any you may say yes or no , normally i will never ask for help . But now i cant 
5. last time meet up   you said  be in limit with in you /.... i am not taking things for granted    , The actual i should make myself all 
6. IIT dream   all failure . I will not taking yupp     .
77.many mncs people have high salary and low work. .. 8. Businesses ideas but no money so took IIt as they give more money  but failed    . non IItians etc has done somany miracles ... Akshayakalpa and badminton and many others ..
9. Last chance to prove myself 
10. Itemm   expensive cant afford . 
11. Laptop and tablet . Go pro action cam
12. Cult pass , bike business purchase GST Lead Architect 
13. Need to convert the jsp project to mern generally it is done by experience people  high software engineers .. its my interest 
14. 

i did not have that attitude  sownmya  phani targetted me 
sayiong i have attitude I have my own ideas how to grow and i dont take silly talking s  with them     
 that my father knows you and we have good relation and 
if i had that i would n't have taken IIT   i jsut come to you company right 
i just want to learn the things myself   explore the world and create innovations   ,
but i have failed to crack IIT   two years of pain way from parents 
two years longterm  
my dad kept lot of hopes on me but didnot care me as he was on hunting for money as he was not educated .  when i went to sri chaitanya campus  i asked dad 2 lacs 50 K is presurriesed . 

i did not understand anything  over their  , they are fast   their lifestyle is  
but me from village   , but i have lot of passion to learn 

the reason - money - dad mom - health  - mentall      and memory loss  still i wannna try    these are all not lies , those are happened to me ..
but my age is 26 upcoming  dont have money 
21200   
doing uber   idea  saved my petrol 
 you mentioned we as family even though i rejected   , that offer , its mistakes i have done , let me rectify , let me prove myself 

i jjust gone through this 
How did you overcome piracy   , when I ask my friends in us or uk   none of them watch yupp  is it because of ythis 2024  ?
https://www.facebook.com/story.php/?story_fbid=5758173820913416&id=158012714262916

akshaykalpa bangolore visit 
School   these days not good   
origin from our school rooots , will make them famouse ... 
see japan and china how they train  kids .



i jsut went through this 

https://www.instagram.com/chinesewithmia/reel/C6sfRBYuEbI/



Life sports car ? Have you R1 ? Inamnin the process  tobget them ..
   studdents  , milk  ,   

we have hemanth   good thinker  want to make app same like netflix , but samir old fellow 

friends tell me to ask  ceo as he knows you 
but i think as relative ?  I remembered  you saying we are family .. but y ?

my brothercannot work as he is having health issue  , i am the only one who should bring my family up ..

I came here for learnings which i cant do in MNC's   there i will have perks but no learning , even If i get jobs in other companyy in future i will learn a lot from her e.

When you sai we are like family  inwant to increase revenue and take mkney only fromnthen 
Yupp tv  romance mobies may increase I thought atbthat time as people are so addicted to porn and etc 
So basic school

I will consider all theese tome waste . 
WFH utilizing all the time and ideas . I hust want to crack google .


Money 💰  sowmya husband government job . 
Brother earns crores amazon us 
Brother in law phani around 50 lacs through yupp . 

Eshwar dad finance 
10 crores by SIP . 

you said we are family when i received your regarding my brothers admission in MGIt . i just thought of 50K extra ppayment ahead of fee reembrisment . 
i had to think because my father's earning is less so i also secured free seat there .
So i started saving things.  As you asked ece for my brother 30K savings .
But dont spend money on others . Carefull . 
But my dad has no such plans  spends money carelessly and no money with us right now . 


But i just want to know why you considered us as family.  
Dad's behaviour is different with others and us . 
If he cares us. No conflicts and no fights.  But thats not happening.  He doesn't tell a single thing and share a single with us .
Just 

Dad good morining 
Night drinknwithbfriends circle . 

Thats why i kept friend aside from 10 th 
Thats y indont talk enough with them. 
I keep close circle 
Chosen 5 friends . Very close intelligent 
Not drom politics but from tech future tcmech 
Nikitha referal 
Mounika refarls 
No work


Mba 
Rich people more money

give me last chance i will learn everything from this compamny and learn so many things from another company . 
i have somany connections from jp morgan , uber , amazon  qualcumm , etc with badminton , uber etc 

I have seen everyones lif e
people having luck are simpley earning 
people do hardwork doesnot earn 
Ithought only IIT earns more 
but people with different ideality who puts their smartness in business etc eans more than them 
youtube etc are the sources . 

I am still using tablets which costs 50K 
and many 
corporate  if we doesnot know anything we can managa 
roop sir , tharun i     can manage anything with his words . 
i cannot manage because from childhood traume  color friends bullying , dad drinking  , without drinking he will be nice   

my life in schooling is wasted as  I was bulleyd color etc 
we should build a foundation 
school in such a way that we produce gems .
us clients funcing  management using linkedin etc in many ways 

School kids 
Lets make make in india better 
Let them knlw the values witg quality rather than jsutvrich show off fone by international schools 
Just getting more that china and japan technology 

https://www.instagram.com/reel/C_FNgP5RxG_/?igsh=MWUyMzkwaTRwemFycg==

akshayakalpa collaboration 
as it is difficult to start from scratch 

i should learn a lot from the company which i cannot learn from MNCs 
payment gateway 
handling ofmillions of users etc 


People take me granted for being nice .
Thay like the people who do crazy stupid vibe bad words things,  thay enjoy that . Being nice in this world is a sin .


stocks ? 
amazon badminton gut 
servicenow 40lacs stoks 

Data analytics from hemanth pavan
Java etc from phani 
Backend from scope team .etc

I always aim at high 

people will manage things like abhishek  etc sowmya phani  is excellent  
even if they dont work they will tell they have done a lot of work  .

but i cannot do that because i cannot tell lies 
i should know everything . 

I always choose money free 
Free college as we are already in debt but so chose mgit rather than private 
And chose company rather than loan for masters .
I didn't take your company as granted. P

Last option meere 
Bcs my thatha given all money to relative etc 

I am anji son 
Myndad came from 0 to here 
Where can i go ? 


is SE no one write models algos 
just they use them 
it will be written by researchers

and i  tried  have done that at my best   .
i know a guy frpom qualcumm  he deals with the people wih using deep learning models    he doesnot write the models or algorithm 

generally a team will have 
Manger
team lead 
members 
fresher 

i am fresher 
hemalatha is like team lead 
phani also 

remaining  all are freshers who dont know anything 
how can i learn ?

Mental torcher
Nidra ledhu 
Support ledhu tensio 
Tension mind panicheyaled 
Toilet in dustbin 
If resign,  i should be dependent on my father who is already in debt . 
20K is 
i have a lot of fear at that time . its  like i need to do thing .
but now i will never  fear to anything 
i can resign and explore different ways  but my age i cannot do experiments 

We have only 1 life 
I just want to have all luxury things on my own 
So these many ideas . I always think of many ideas 

All these problems created by me ? 
Please tell me idol
Akka Emotional stopped me from saying this to yoy as i have suffered the same chestpain

world is revolving around money 
people will do anything for money 

just 
https://www.facebook.com/udayreddyofficial/videos/235346786095628/
